[bridge]: Update README - Document new settings parameters for loggin… (#1673)
symbol/product: bridge/README.md

As an alternative to manually installing dependencies and running scripts, you can use Docker.

> ### Build docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build the Docker image
```

```sh
docker build -t symbolplatform/bridge:1.1 -f Dockerfile --network host ..
```

### Running the Bridge

```sh
docker run -d -it --name xym_wxym_bridge --restart always -v $(pwd):/data symbolplatform/bridge:1.1 <mode>
```

> The `<mode>` must be one of the following:
> * `api` - Starts the API. You must also add `-p 5000:5000` to expose the API port.
> * `wrappedflow` - Runs the wrapped flow.
> * `nativeflow` - Runs the native flow and skips `--unwrap` operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<mode>` must be one of the following values:
* `api`: Starts the API. You must also add `-p 5000:5000` to expose the API port.
* `wrappedflow`: Runs the wrapped flow.
* `nativeflow`: Runs the native flow and skips `--unwrap` operations.
```

**Note**: `$(pwd):/data` mounts the current working directory from the host into the `/data` directory inside the container.

> By default, the bridge configuration file is located at `/data/config/configuration.ini`. You can override this path by setting the `BRIDGE_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the bridge looks for its configuration file in `/data/config/configuration.ini`. You can override this path by setting the `BRIDGE_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable.
```

It would be good to provide an example, because it's not clear if you can override only the path or also the filename.

As an alternative to manually installing dependencies and running scripts, you can use Docker.

### Build the Docker image

```sh
docker build -t symbolplatform/bridge:1.1 -f Dockerfile --network host ..
```

### Running the Bridge

```sh
docker run -d -it --name xym_wxym_bridge --restart always -v $(pwd):/data symbolplatform/bridge:1.1 <command>
```

`<command>` must be one of the following values:

* `wrappedflow`: Runs the wrap and unwrap flows. Use in wrap and stake modes.

> * `nativeflow`: Skips `--unwrap` operations. Use in swap mode.

Reviewer 2: I guess we need to update Dockerfile scripts 😄

The workflow:

1. Retrieves all `UNPROCESSED` requests from the `wrap_request` table.
2. Calculates conversion rate at request block height (see below).
3. Deducts network fees from payout amount.
4. Sends tokens to recipient.
5. Updates request status to `SENT` or `FAILED`, depending on status.

> Conversion rate calculation

Reviewer: Was this supposed to be a header?

1. `staked`:

   The conversion rate is calculated as `(cumulative_wrapped - cumulative_unwrapped) / native_balance` where:
    * `native_balance`: is the native token balance (e.g. `XEM` on NEM).
    * `cumulative_wrapped`: is the total amount of existing wrapped tokens (e.g. `wXEM`).
    * `cumulative_unwrapped`: is the total amount of wrapped tokens to be unwrapped.

   Example:
    * Native balance: 12000
    * Wrapped tokens: 12000
    * Unwrapped tokens: 2000
   
   Calculation:
   ```
   Conversion rate = 12000 / (12000 - 2000) = 6/5
   ```
   
    * A depositor of **1200 native tokens** receives **1000 wrapped tokens**
    * A depositor of **1000 wrapped tokens** receives **1200 native tokens**

    Once a bridge is deployed, the native balance is expected to exceed the net wrapped balance.
    This is primarily due to the accrual of harvesting rewards, but can also be affected by other transfers (or donations).

2. `wrapped`: Conversion rate is fixed at 1:1 (One wrapped network token equals one native network token).
3. `native`: Conversion is determined dynamically using exchange rates from an **online price provider**.

> For wrap mode, conversion rates between native tokens on both chains are fetched from the price oracle to calculate fee deductions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In wrapped mode, conversion rates between native tokens on both chains are fetched from the price oracle to calculate fee deductions.
```

## Configuration

> The bridge uses an INI configuration file with four sections: `machine`, `native_network`, `wrapped_network`, `strategy`, `price_oracle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bridge uses an INI configuration file with five sections: `machine`, `native_network`, `wrapped_network`, `strategy`, `price_oracle`.
```

* `priorityFeeMultiple`: Multiplier for the priority fee (tip) for EIP-1559 transactions (default: 1.05).
* `feeHistoryBlocksCount`: Number of past blocks to consider when fetching fee history for EIP-1559 gas price estimation (default: 10).

### `strategy` section

> * `mode`: Specifies the token conversion rate calculation strategy: (`staked`, `wrapped`, or `native`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mode`: Specifies the token conversion rate calculation strategy (`staked`, `wrapped`, or `native`).
```
